Replace vm2 with isolated-vm (#19332)
directus/directus: docs/releases/breaking-changes.md

Reviewer: I think we should also explicitly mention that people will lose the capability of doing any form of web request from the Run Script operation.

Starting with Directus 10.0, here is a list of potential breaking changes with remedial action you may need to take.

## Version 10.6

### Dropped Support for Custom NPM Modules in Flows

> Prior to this release, Directus relied on `vm2` to run code from and npm module in Flows - our automation feature. `vm2` is now unmaintained with critical security issues that could potenentially allow code to escape the sandbox and potentially access the whole machine which hosts your Directus project. We have migrated to `isolated-vm` to allow Flows to run safely.

Author: ```suggestion
Prior to this release, Directus relied on `vm2` to run code from __Run Script__ operations in Flows - our automation feature. `vm2` is now unmaintained with critical security issues that could potentially allow code to escape the sandbox and potentially access the whole machine which hosts your Directus project. We have migrated to `isolated-vm` to allow Flows to run safely.
```

> The __Run Scripts__ operation should only be used for simple data manipulation, and as we have not found an adequate solution to running arbitrary packages, we removed this functionality. 

Author: ```suggestion
The __Run Script__ operation should only be used for simple data manipulation, and as we have not found an adequate solution to running arbitrary packages, we removed this functionality. 
```

Starting with Directus 10.0, here is a list of potential breaking changes with remedial action you may need to take.

## Version 10.6

### Dropped Support for Custom NPM Modules in Flows

Prior to this release, Directus relied on `vm2` to run code from **Run Script** operations in Flows - our automation
feature. `vm2` is now unmaintained with critical security issues that could potentially allow code to escape the sandbox
and potentially access the whole machine which hosts your Directus project. We have migrated to `isolated-vm` to allow
Flows to run safely.

The **Run Script** operation should only be used for simple data manipulation, and as we have not found an adequate
solution to running arbitrary packages, we removed this functionality.

> If you still need to make HTTP requests, use the **Webhook / Request URL** operation. For other npm packages in Flows,
> your will need to [create a custom operation extension](/guides/extensions/operations-npm-package).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you still need to make HTTP requests, use the **Webhook / Request URL** operation. For other Node.js packages,
your will need to [create a custom operation extension](/guides/extensions/operations-npm-package).
```
